MatterFi Semi-Open License:

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to exploit the Software, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, create
derivative works from, and sublicense copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following restrictions and conditions:

    (1) exploitation of the Software must be for non-commercial use,
where “non-commercial” means the exploitation is not associated
with the income or value of an entity such that MatterFi, Inc. would
have or develop an interest in profiting or deriving some portion of
its own income from that entity’s exploitation;

    (2) the exploitation of the Software does not involve competitive
analysis, benchmarking, or competition with MatterFi, Inc.;

    (3) all non-internal exploitation of the Software or distribution
to third parties includes a copyright notice crediting MatterFi, Inc.
as the copyright holder of the Software and including the text of this
license;

MatterFi, Inc. is and shall remain the owner of any and all
intellectual property rights in the Software, including, without
limitation, any copyright, patents, and moral rights, whether or not
registered or registrable. For clarity, and without limiting the
ability of the licensee to exploit the Software as this license
intends, this license does not include the right to offer for sale,
sell, or import any patent or proprietary invention of MatterFi, Inc.,
and a separate license to any patent or proprietary invention may be
required.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL MATTERFI, INC., ITS SUCCESSORS, HEIRS, DIRECTORS,
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR ASSOCIATES, BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OF,
EXPLOITATION OF, OR OTHER DEALINGS INVOLVING THE SOFTWARE.
